hi what I do know is some American
pancake so quick and easy
so Pakistani toka heat cabina IndieGoGo
time at America some our kids but you
nothing don't go in and here are the
following ingredients racing flour sugar
custard powder baking powder salt a
pinch of salt melted butter at parinama
setting liquid ingredients with a
metonym milk vanilla eggs Atkin Gastonia
non-major make chocolate flavor
dr. McDonald Nutella a wedding a Manuela
or Commission about peanut butter
Commission you may play flavor you up in
Panther - I think first step 6-nothing
your flour the top Scannell and then
your sugar can you know that it hasn't
dried investors and then use salt baking
powder custard powder so egregious not
all but Aleppo a new start
ww that Eiling or guys that go that UK
Tecna new your links and description box
paris erasable ito
so tell me no not in hot and dry
ingredients and mix it all together
you can also add their foundered milk if
you want try to make a premium in your
pancake so do a lot I know well Sammy
them nothing and nothing you're adding
milk you're adding eggs you're adding
butter little bit butter add vanilla
well our one to two tables this one
nothing but enough and then we'll mix it
all together what I know why risk why we
suffer maybe nothing but I miss Madeline
when you think Oh mines failed in a
little Hotel mixer
so at this point by the time mogul I
know a thing of their life as I said
this is just an optional but it again
come up with them
peanut butter just to add up a bit of
flavor so mix it well but then you don't
know in the mixing that don't have them
again smooth and long pretty shot so
that a little smooth and um free in
a shock when an ecto and will keep you
set this aside before we proceed to our
next step some up a little okay now pan
the bigger pan virus i think back to the
rooftop so maudlin a lanthanum other try
la mattina butter there's a tiny bit for
him unity ticket yoga tempeh I'm having
a hot cake
Acurio for NASA mission trips planned
scienter no name i thing but there is a
Valentine and half a cup of for
measuring cup so you know the gamete in
Venice miss penny toy is extracted
picture entirely up to you
Coogan oval okay I'm gonna win no
Meacham Lakeisha focus on you know if
you like so internal nothing Thomas
bubbles young delayed began a teeny flip
over so ok penny to room
bula-bula nail art in cake so patina
nothing to flip over
yeah
and then you buy the one
only takes a few minutes to cook
so yeah but they're gonna go sleep over
Lina then but I hope dry now so pretty
night though so continiously not in
lahat no I think a customer table that
trainee they cannot eat the supporting
draft or reading you know Russian no not
that
I think we can is the pancake recipe are
you mallamma clean up and horn moussaka
Magneto's of breakfast
it will be best served with whipped
cream and butter and also hot cocoa with
whipping cream and marshmallow so
Salamah goes to honey to recipe NATO and
share it with your friends and this is
so silicon video mochi capital attire
Salameh bye